first draft of CONTRIBUTING.MD (#73)
dbt-labs/dbt-bigquery: CONTRIBUTING.md

 <!-- 1.look to see if we can make it smaller, lots of duplicated reading from dbt-core
      2.have correct examples of tests for each adapter
      3.point to and succinctly describe a process for updating docs

>   -->

Reviewer: just a reminder to remove comment before merging

## Getting the code 

You will need `git` in order to download and modify the `dbt-bigquery` source code. On macOS, the best way to download git is to just install [Xcode](https://developer.apple.com/support/xcode/).

### External contributors

If you are not a member of the `dbt-labs` GitHub organization, you can contribute to `dbt-bigquery` by forking the `dbt-bigquery` repository. For a detailed overview on forking, check out the [GitHub docs on forking](https://help.github.com/en/articles/fork-a-repo). In short, you will need to:

1. fork the `dbt-bigquery` repository
2. clone your fork locally
3. check out a new branch for your proposed changes
4. push changes to your fork
5. open a pull request against `dbt-labs/dbt-bigquery` from your forked repository

### dbt Labs contributors

If you are a member of the `dbt Labs` GitHub organization, you will have push access to the `dbt-bigquery` repo. Rather than forking `dbt-bigquery` to make your changes, just clone the repository, check out a new branch, and push directly to that branch.

## Running `dbt-bigquery` in development

### Installation

> First make sure that you set up your `virtualenv` as described in [Setting up an environment](#setting-up-an-environment).  Also ensure you have the latest version of pip installed with `pip install --upgrade pip`. Next, install `dbt-biguery` latest dependencies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First make sure that you set up your `virtualenv` as described in [Setting up an environment](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/blob/HEAD/CONTRIBUTING.md#setting-up-an-environment).  Ensure you have the latest version of pip installed with `pip install --upgrade pip`. Next, install `dbt-bigquery` latest dependencies:
```

```sh
pip install -e . -r dev-requirements.txt
```

When `dbt-bigquery` is installed this way, any changes you make to the `dbt-bigquery` source code will be reflected immediately in your next `dbt-bigquery` run.

To confirm you have correct version of `dbt-core` installed please run `dbt --version` and `which dbt`.

> ## Initial Setup
> 
> `dbt-bigquery` uses test credentials specified in a `test.env` file in the root of the repository for non-Postgres databases. This `test.env` file is git-ignored, but please be _extra_ careful to never check in credentials or other sensitive information when developing against `dbt-core`. To create your `test.env` file, copy the provided sample file, then supply your relevant credentials. This step is only required to use non-Postgres databases.
> 
> ```
> cp test.env.sample test.env
> $EDITOR test.env
> ```
> if you have secrets of your own to provide please use 
> 
> ```
> cp test.env.example test.env
> ```
> to create a blank test.env to fill in.
> 
> > In general, it's most important to have successful unit and Postgres tests. Once you open a PR, `dbt-core` will automatically run integration tests for the other three core database adapters. Of course, if you are a BigQuery user, contributing a BigQuery-only feature, it's important to run BigQuery tests as well.
> 
> ## Testing
> 
> `dbt-core` uses test credentials specified in a `test.env` file in the root of the repository for non-Postgres databases. This `test.env` file is git-ignored, but please be _extra_ careful to never check in credentials or other sensitive information when developing against `dbt-core`. To create your `test.env` file, copy the provided sample file, then supply your relevant credentials. This step is only required to use non-Postgres databases.
> 
> ```
> cp test.env.sample test.env
> $EDITOR test.env
> ```
> 
> > In general, it's most important to have successful unit and Postgres tests. Once you open a PR, `dbt-core` will automatically run integration tests for the other three core database adapters. Of course, if you are a BigQuery user, contributing a BigQuery-only feature, it's important to run BigQuery tests as well.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
## Testing
### Initial Setup

`dbt-bigquery` uses test credentials specified in a `test.env` file in the root of the repository. This `test.env` file is git-ignored, but please be _extra_ careful to never check in credentials or other sensitive information when developing. To create your `test.env` file, copy the provided example file, then supply your relevant credentials.

```
cp test.env.example test.env
$EDITOR test.env
```

````

### Test commands

> There are a few mehtods for running tests locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are a few methods for running tests locally.
```

> ####`tox`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### `tox`
```

> `tox` takes care of managing virtualenvs and install dependencies in order to run tests. You can also run tests in parallel, for example you can run unit tests for Python 3.7, Python 3.8, Python 3.9 `flake8` checks in parallel with `tox -p`. Also you  can run unit tests for specific python versions with `tox -e py37`. The configuration of theses tests are located in `tox.ini`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`tox` takes care of managing Python virtualenvs and installing dependencies in order to run tests. You can also run tests in parallel, for example you can run unit tests for Python 3.7, Python 3.8, Python 3.9, and `flake8` checks in parallel with `tox -p`. Also, you can run unit tests for specific python versions with `tox -e py37`. The configuration of these tests are located in `tox.ini`.
```

> ####`pyteest`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### `pytest`
```

> Finally, you can also run  a specifiic test or group of tests using `pytest` directlly. With virtualenv activa and dev dependencies installed you can do things like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, you can also run a specific test or group of tests using `pytest` directly. With a Python virtualenv active and dev dependencies installed you can do things like:
```

```sh
# run specific postgres integration tests
python -m pytest -m profile_bigquery test/integration/001_simple_copy_test
# run all unit tests in a file
python -m pytest test/unit/test_bigquery_adapter.py
# run a specific unit test
python -m pytest test/unit/test_bigquery_adapter.py::TestBigQueryAdapter::test_copy_table_materialization_table
```
## Updating Docs

Many changes will require and update to the `dbt-bigquery` docs here are some useful resources.

- Docs are [here](https://docs.getdbt.com/).
- The docs repo for making changes is located [here]( https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com).
- The changes made are likely to impact one or both of [BigQuery profile](https://docs.getdbt.com/reference/warehouse-profiles/bigquery-profile), or [BigQuery configs](https://docs.getdbt.com/reference/resource-configs/bigquery-configs).
- We as every community member who makes a user-facing change to open and issue for their change in that repo.

> - If the contributor feels up to they should contribute to the PR for the docs update as well.

Reviewer: I think you can remove these lines. Or suggest creating an issue or a PR for docs changes.

## Submitting a Pull Request

> dbt Labs provides a CI environment to test changes to  the `dbt-bigquery` adapter, and periodic maintenance checks of `dbt-core` through Github Actions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dbt Labs provides a CI environment to test changes to the `dbt-bigquery` adapter, and periodic checks against the development version of `dbt-core` through Github Actions. 
```

- Outline your planned implementation. If you want help getting started, ask!
- Follow the steps outlined below to develop locally. Once you have opened a PR, one of the `dbt` maintainers will work with you to review your code.
- Add a test! Tests are crucial for both fixes and new features alike. We want to make sure that code works as intended, and that it avoids any bugs  previously encountered. Currently, the best resource for understanding `dbt`'s [unit](test/unit) and [integration](test/integration) tests is the tests themselves. One of the maintainers can help by pointing out relevant examples.

In some cases, the right resolution to an open issue might be tangential to the `dbt` codebase. The right path forward might be a documentation update or a change that can be made in user-space. In other cases, the issue might describe functionality that the `dbt` maintainers are unwilling or unable to incorporate into the `dbt` codebase. When it is determined that an open issue describes functionality that will not translate to a code change in the `dbt` repository, the issue will be tagged with the `wontfix` label (see below) and closed.

### Using issue labels

> The `dbt` maintainers use labels to categorize open issues. Some labels indicate the databases impacted by the issue, while others describe the domain in the `dbt` codebase germane to the discussion. While most of these labels are self-explanatory (eg. `snowflake` or `bigquery`), there are others that are worth describing.

Reviewer 2: All of the places that currently say `dbt` can be `dbt-bigquery`. (Makes me realize that it should probably say `dbt-core` [over there](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md).) Let's anticipate a world where there are actually different maintainers for `dbt-core` + `dbt-bigquery`

Author: I didn't know if we ever purposefully used say like a over arching general reference to dbt as a whole so tried to go off context but I completely agree.

| [duplicate](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/issues/duplicate) | This issue is functionally identical to another open issue. The `dbt` maintainers will close this issue and encourage community members to focus conversation on the other one. |
| [snoozed](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/labels/snoozed) | This issue describes a good idea, but one which will probably not be addressed in a six-month time horizon. The `dbt` maintainers will revist these issues periodically and re-prioritize them accordingly. |
| [stale](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/labels/stale) | This is an old issue which has not recently been updated. Stale issues will periodically be closed by `dbt` maintainers, but they can be re-opened if the discussion is restarted. |
| [wontfix](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/labels/wontfix) | This issue does not require a code change in the `dbt` repository, or the maintainers are unwilling/unable to merge a Pull Request which implements the behavior described in the issue. |

#### Branching Strategy

`dbt` has three types of branches:

> - **Trunks** are where active development of the next release takes place. There is one trunk named `develop` at the time of writing this, and will be the default branch of the repository.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Trunks** are where active development of the next release takes place. There is one trunk named `main` at the time of writing this, and will be the default branch of the repository.
```

- **Feature Branches** track individual features and fixes. On completion they should be merged into the trunk branch or a specific release branch.

## Getting the code

You will need `git` in order to download and modify the `dbt` source code. On macOS, the best way to download git is to just install [Xcode](https://developer.apple.com/support/xcode/).

### External contributors

If you are not a member of the `dbt-labs` GitHub organization, you can contribute to `dbt-bigquery` by forking the `dbt-bigquery` repository. For a detailed overview on forking, check out the [GitHub docs on forking](https://help.github.com/en/articles/fork-a-repo). In short, you will need to:

1. fork the `dbt-bigquery` repository
2. clone your fork locally
3. check out a new branch for your proposed changes
4. push changes to your fork
5. open a pull request against `dbt-labs/dbt-bigquery` from your forked repository

> ### Core contributors

Reviewer 2: A lot of this applies to `CONTRIBUTING.md` in `dbt-core` as well
```suggestion
### dbt Labs contributors
```

If you are a member of the `dbt-labs` GitHub organization, you will have push access to the `dbt` repo. Rather than forking `dbt-bigquery` to make your changes, just clone the repository, check out a new branch, and push directly to that branch.

## Setting up an environment
There are some tools that will be helpful to you in developing locally. While this is the list reveleant for `dbt` development, many of these tools are used commonly across open-source python projects.

### Tools

A short list of tools used in `dbt` testing that will be helpful to your understanding:

> - [`tox`](https://tox.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) to manage virtualenvs across python versions. We currently target the latest patch releases for Python 3.6, Python 3.7, Python 3.8, and Python 3.9

Reviewer 2: No more py36:
```suggestion
- [`tox`](https://tox.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) to manage virtualenvs across python versions. We currently target the latest patch releases for Python 3.7, Python 3.8, and Python 3.9
```

- [`make`](https://users.cs.duke.edu/~ola/courses/programming/Makefiles/Makefiles.html) - but don't worry too much, nobody _really_ understands how make works and our Makefile is super simple
- [`flake8`](https://flake8.pycqa.org/en/latest/) for code linting
- [`mypy`](https://mypy.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) for static type checking
- [Github Actions](https://github.com/features/actions)

A deep understanding of these tools in not required to effectively contribute to `dbt`, but we recommend checking out the attached documentation if you're interested in learning more about them.

#### virtual environments

We strongly recommend using virtual environments when developing code in `dbt`. We recommend creating this virtualenv
in the root of the `dbt` repository. To create a new virtualenv, run:
```sh
python3 -m venv env
source env/bin/activate
```

This will create and activate a new Python virtual environment.

#### docker and docker-compose

Docker and docker-compose are both used in testing. Specific instructions for you OS can be found [here](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/).

## Running `dbt-bigquery` in development

### Installation

> First make sure that you set up your `virtualenv` as described in [Setting up an environment](#setting-up-an-environment).  Also ensure you have the latest version of pip installed with `pip install --upgrade pip`. Next, install `dbt-biguery` latest dependencies:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
First make sure that you set up your `virtualenv` as described in [Setting up an environment](#setting-up-an-environment). Also ensure you have the latest version of pip installed with `pip install --upgrade pip`.

Next, perform an ["editable"](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/cli/pip_install/#editable-installs) install of `dbt-bigquery`, plus some extra dependencies used in testing:
```

```sh

> pip install -r dev-requirements.txt

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
pip install -e . -r dev-requirements.txt
```
Note that **this is a place where our adapter plugins will differ from dbt-core**. In the `dbt-core` repo, this needs to be:
```
pip install -r editable-requirements.txt -r dev-requirements.txt
```
And in dbt-spark (special case), this needs to include [extras](https://setuptools.pypa.io/en/latest/userguide/dependency_management.html#optional-dependencies) like so:
```
pip install -e .[all] -r dev-requirements.txt
```

```

> When `dbt` is installed this way, any changes you make to the `dbt` source code will be reflected immediately in your next `dbt` run.

Reviewer 2: Let's also encourage them to run commands like:
```
$ which dbt
$ dbt --version
```
to confirm they're using the right one

## Testing

### Test commands
There are a few mehtods for running tests locally.

####`tox`

> `tox` takes care of managing virtualenvs and install dependencies in order to run tests. You can also run tests in parallel, for example you can run unit tests for Python 3.6,Python 3.7, Python 3.8, `flake8` checks and `mypy` checks in parallel with `tox -p`. Also you  can run unit tests for specific python versions with `tox -e py36`. The configuration of theses tests are located in `tox.ini`.

Reviewer 2: - remove mention of py36 (true across the board)
- we don't currently run `mypy` checks on adapter plugins (note: **this is a place where adapter plugins differ from dbt-core**)

####`pyteest`
Finally, you can also run  a specifiic test or group of tests using `pytest` directlly. With virtualenv activa and dev dependencies installed you can do things like:
```sh
# run specific postgres integration tests
python -m pytest -m profile_bigquery test/integration/001_simple_copy_test
# run all unit tests in a file
python -m pytest test/unit/test_bigquery_adapter.py
# run a specific unit test
python -m pytest test/unit/test_bigquery_adapter.py::TestBigQueryAdapter::test_copy_table_materialization_table
```
## Updating Docs

> Many changes will require and update to the `dbt` docs here [docs](https://github.comdbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com).

Reviewer 2: It's worth going into a bit more detail here:
- docs are hosted here: https://docs.getdbt.com/
- all the code is defined in a repo here: https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com
- (**specific to this plugin**) in particular, contributions to this repo are likely to impact one/both of: [BigQuery profile](https://docs.getdbt.com/reference/warehouse-profiles/bigquery-profile), [BigQuery configs](https://docs.getdbt.com/reference/resource-configs/bigquery-configs)
- we ask every community contributor who's made a user-facing change to open an issue for their change in that repo
    - in fact, let's add a checklist item to the [PR template in this repo](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-bigquery/blob/main/.github/pull_request_template.md) + in other adapter plugin repos
    - @runleonarun: we need better issue templates in the docs.getdbt.com repo! I'm thinking questions like: which docs pages need to change? what's the big idea / context behind the change? any sample code / examples you can share?
- if the contributor feels up to it, they should contribute the PR for the docs change, too!

## Submitting a Pull Request

> dbt Labs provides a CI environment to test changes to specific adapters, and periodic maintenance checks of `dbt-core` through Github Actions. For example, if you submit a pull request to the `dbt-redshift` repo, GitHub will trigger automated code checks and tests against Redshift.

Reviewer 2: We can be less vague here, since we know their PR is in the `dbt-bigquery` repo and wants to run BigQuery integration tests.

That said, we should say things like:
- If you're a first-time contributor, code checks + unit tests require a maintainer to approve
- A maintainer will need to add the `ok to test` label, at which point your subsequent commits will trigger integration tests in BigQuery

I believe those are true across dbt-core + all adapter plugins. We can decide if it's worth reiterating here, for folks who skim the core contributing guide

# Contributing to `dbt-bigquery`

1. [About this document](#about-this-document)
3. [Getting the code](#getting-the-code)
5. [Running `dbt-bigquery` in development](#running-dbt-bigquery-in-development)
6. [Testing](#testing)
7. [Updating Docs](#updating-docs)
7. [Submitting a Pull Request](#submitting-a-pull-request)

## About this document
This document is a guide intended for folks interested in contributing to `dbt-bigquery`. Below, we document the process by which members of the community should create issues and submit pull requests (PRs) in this repository. It is not intended as a guide for using `dbt-bigquery`, and it assumes a certain level of familiarity with Python concepts such as virtualenvs, `pip`, python modules, filesystems, and so on. This guide assumes you are using macOS or Linux and are comfortable with the command line.

> For those wishing to contribute we highly suggest reading the [dbt-core](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md). if you haven't already. Almost all of the information there is applicable to contributing here, too!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For those wishing to contribute we highly suggest reading the [dbt-core](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md), if you haven't already. Almost all of the information there is applicable to contributing here, too!
```

### Signing the CLA

Please note that all contributors to `dbt-bigquery` must sign the [Contributor License Agreement](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/contributor-license-agreements) to have their Pull Request merged into an `dbt-bigquery` codebase. If you are unable to sign the CLA, then the `dbt-bigquery` maintainers will unfortunately be unable to merge your Pull Request. You are, however, welcome to open issues and comment on existing ones.

## Getting the code 

> You will need `git` in order to download and modify the `dbt-bigquery` source code. On macOS, the best way to download git is to just install [Xcode](https://developer.apple.com/support/xcode/).

Reviewer 3: Do most folks using mac do this to get git? I know it works but seems a bit extra thing that needs to go in. Just nitpicking here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need `git` in order to download and modify the `dbt-bigquery` source code. You can find direction [here](https://github.com/git-guides/install-git) on how to install `git`.
```

1. fork the `dbt-bigquery` repository
2. clone your fork locally
3. check out a new branch for your proposed changes
4. push changes to your fork
5. open a pull request against `dbt-labs/dbt-bigquery` from your forked repository

### dbt Labs contributors

If you are a member of the `dbt Labs` GitHub organization, you will have push access to the `dbt-bigquery` repo. Rather than forking `dbt-bigquery` to make your changes, just clone the repository, check out a new branch, and push directly to that branch.

## Running `dbt-bigquery` in development

### Installation

First make sure that you set up your `virtualenv` as described in [Setting up an environment](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/blob/HEAD/CONTRIBUTING.md#setting-up-an-environment).  Ensure you have the latest version of pip installed with `pip install --upgrade pip`. Next, install `dbt-bigquery` latest dependencies:

```sh
pip install -e . -r dev-requirements.txt
```

When `dbt-bigquery` is installed this way, any changes you make to the `dbt-bigquery` source code will be reflected immediately in your next `dbt-bigquery` run.

> To confirm you have the correct version of `dbt-core` installed please run `dbt --version` and `which dbt`.

Reviewer 3: Is there something we can run to also confirm that we are using the right dbt-bigquery?

Author: the best option i know of would be pip list and checking the version of the dbt-adaptername that way doesn't seem like --version or which work for them.

Reviewer 3: I feel like `pip freeze | grep bigquery` should do the trick

Author: For me it shows the bigquery version but only the github hashed value of the current branch for dbt-bigquery which could be used to compare that your enviornment is using the branch you want if that doesn't seem to obtuse but I really like the suggestion.

Reviewer 3: Sounds good! And I realized that pip would only work for folks installed dbt via pip. And `dbt --version` would actually show all adaptor version

## Testing

### Initial Setup

> `dbt-bigquery` uses test credentials specified in a `test.env` file in the root of the repository. This `test.env` file is git-ignored, but please be _extra_ careful to never check in credentials or other sensitive information when developing. To create your `test.env` file, copy the provided example file, then supply your relevant credentials.

Reviewer 3: Maybe a link for more context around this section?

Author: @kwigley do you know of any relevant links for this? I was looking through the docs but haven't found anything specific yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`dbt-bigquery` contains [unit](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-bigquery/tree/main/tests/unit) and [integration](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-bigquery/tree/main/tests/integration) tests. Integration tests require testing against an actual BigQuery warehouse. We have CI set up to test against a BigQuery warehouse. In order to run integration tests locally, you will need a `test.env` file in the root of the repository that contains credentials for BigQuery.

Note: This `test.env` file is git-ignored, but please be _extra_ careful to never check in credentials or other sensitive information when developing. To create your `test.env` file, copy the provided example file, then supply your relevant credentials.
```

```
cp test.env.example test.env
$EDITOR test.env
```

### Test commands
There are a few methods for running tests locally.

#### `tox`
`tox` takes care of managing Python virtualenvs and installing dependencies in order to run tests. You can also run tests in parallel, for example you can run unit tests for Python 3.7, Python 3.8, Python 3.9, and `flake8` checks in parallel with `tox -p`. Also, you can run unit tests for specific python versions with `tox -e py37`. The configuration of these tests are located in `tox.ini`.

> #### `pyteest`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### `pytest`
```

1. fork the `dbt-bigquery` repository
2. clone your fork locally
3. check out a new branch for your proposed changes
4. push changes to your fork
5. open a pull request against `dbt-labs/dbt-bigquery` from your forked repository

### dbt Labs contributors

If you are a member of the `dbt Labs` GitHub organization, you will have push access to the `dbt-bigquery` repo. Rather than forking `dbt-bigquery` to make your changes, just clone the repository, check out a new branch, and push directly to that branch.

## Running `dbt-bigquery` in development

### Installation

First make sure that you set up your `virtualenv` as described in [Setting up an environment](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/blob/HEAD/CONTRIBUTING.md#setting-up-an-environment).  Ensure you have the latest version of pip installed with `pip install --upgrade pip`. Next, install `dbt-bigquery` latest dependencies:

```sh
pip install -e . -r dev-requirements.txt
```

When `dbt-bigquery` is installed this way, any changes you make to the `dbt-bigquery` source code will be reflected immediately in your next `dbt-bigquery` run.

> To confirm you have correct version of `dbt-core` installed please run `dbt --version` and `which dbt`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To confirm you have the correct version of `dbt-core` installed please run `dbt --version` and `which dbt`.
```

Author: change made locally will push up

#### `pyteest`
Finally, you can also run a specific test or group of tests using `pytest` directly. With a Python virtualenv active and dev dependencies installed you can do things like:

```sh
# run specific bigquery integration tests
python -m pytest -m profile_bigquery tests/integration/simple_copy_test
# run all unit tests in a file
python -m pytest tests/unit/test_bigquery_adapter.py
# run a specific unit test
python -m pytest tests/unit/test_bigquery_adapter.py::TestBigQueryAdapter::test_copy_table_materialization_table
```
## Updating Docs

Many changes will require and update to the `dbt-bigquery` docs here are some useful resources.

- Docs are [here](https://docs.getdbt.com/).
- The docs repo for making changes is located [here]( https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com).
- The changes made are likely to impact one or both of [BigQuery Profile](https://docs.getdbt.com/reference/warehouse-profiles/bigquery-profile), or [BigQuery Configs](https://docs.getdbt.com/reference/resource-configs/bigquery-configs).
- We ask every community member who makes a user-facing change to open an issue or PR regarding doc changes.

## Submitting a Pull Request

> dbt Labs provides a CI environment to test changes to the `dbt-bigquery` adapter, and periodic checks against the development version of `dbt-core` through Github Actions.  

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
dbt Labs provides a CI environment to test changes to the `dbt-bigquery` adapter and periodic checks against the development version of `dbt-core` through Github Actions.  
```

Author: changes made locally and pushed up

A `dbt-bigquery` maintainer will review your PR. They may suggest code revision for style or clarity, or request that you add unit or integration test(s). These are good things! We believe that, with a little bit of help, anyone can contribute high-quality code.

> 

Reviewer 4: Can we add a little blurb here about needing to add your change to the CHANGELOG?

Author: added a small section to the paragraph on line 97
